Hi, I'm Brad Chase from D.C. —Hi.
I think that's my seat.
I'm sorry. We're not territorial about
that sort of thing around here, are we?
–I was handling it.
–I just thought I'd help out.
That's very nice, but again,
I was handling it.
So why does it bother you
that I'm trying to help?
Wait a minute.
You two have had sex.
We can't tail the wife.
Ernie Dell is one of our biggest clients.
If he wants a private investigator,
what's the real harm?
I'm the one sleeping with his wife.
–I'm sorry?
–Sure.
He makes fun of me. –But I'm a big
fan of your aqua velva commercials.
No, it's not right.
He calls me a Ken doll, while he…
…plays with your Barbie?
Completely mindful of the fact
that you helped build this place,
the partners here will not allow you
to dismantle it with your buffoonery.
They're not going to take
the firm from you.
I'm not worried, Lori.
Do I look worried?
Look out there.
My domain.
My city.
I'm Denny Crane.
(http://club.nate.com/tsm)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You have 30′.
I have to say,
I find this very strange.
I always thought I'd be the one
visiting you in the mental hospital.
I'm excited about tomorrow.
Please tell me we have a shot.
I don't know how much longer
I can take it in here.
We have a shot.
I'll get you out.
I don't need to hear it, Alan.
I need it to happen.
The board will question you directly.
It's entirely possible
they'll try to provoke you.
To make sure I'm bombproof?
Sorry? —It's an expression
with horses.
To be safe to ride, a horse
needs to be bombproof.
It doesn't spook easily.
Can't have one who just flies off.
Yes, in addition to not flying off,
you need to show contrition.
They like to see that you're sorry.
I am.
I, I am so sorry,
so deep, deeply ashamed.
How do I say it right?
Just like that.
Christine,
you were in love with
a man who was unworthy of you,
who made you doubt everything
that you had a right to count on,
who perhaps even toyed with your sanity.
Still no excuse for trying to kill him.
Perhaps he had it coming.
Perhaps you did.
Boston Legal
1x02. Still Crazy After All These Years
.
ORIGINAL AIR DATE ON ABC: 2004/10/10
Why is it we agreed
to bifurcate the trial?
There's been no claim for punitive
damage, only compensatory,
but our fear was a jury
could be so outraged,
they might artificially inflate
compensatories as a de facto puni,
so we opted to bifurcate.
Separate juries, one for
liability, one for damages.
The client concurred.
Do you do tongue push-ups?
This is a staff meeting.
I encourage all to conduct
themselves professionally,
keeping in mind that remarks
are tantamount to assertive conduct.
Lansing vs Mahoney…
Hospital settled out, deposition
of Dr Mahoney is today,
we're hoping to make
some movement on that as well.
Lot of eyes are on us.
We've got an HMO on the bubble here
waiting to see how this lawsuit is restored.
I assume you've prepared
for today's deposition.
Actually, Denny's taking it.
Denny's taking the deposition?
Yes.
Wouldn't it be better
to save Denny for trial,
–roll out the big gun later?
–Roll out the big gun now,
this won't be a trial.
Move along, Paul.
In re Christine Pauley…
Mine.
Ex­girlfriend tried to kill me.
This is the commitment proceeding?
She was committed. This hearing
is to secure her release.
Wait a second.
She tried to kill you.
–She did.
–And now she wants out.
She does. —And you're trying to
help her get out.
I am.
You're angry with me.
I'm just busy, okay?
I'm not gonna even discuss the absurdity
of representing an ex­lover
who tried to kill you,
but how do you not at least tell me?
That isn't something
that I should know?
I wanted to surprise you with it.
Do you think it's funny?
Do you think it's appropriate for me
to learn about it in a staff meeting?
Forgive me. As you can imagine,
I haven't kept up with…
the boyfriend/girlfriend regulations.
What I can say is she's a client,
and a friend…
that I'm trying to free from the
clutches of an overreaching asylum.
You keep calling it an asylum.
This is a psychiatric hospital.
I mean no disrespect, doctor, but
the word “hospital” implies treatment.
And she has gotten treatment.
–Is she less crazy?
–Excuse me?
As a result of your treatment,
is she less crazy?
Crazy is not a medically recognized
term, Mr Shore.
As I've just explained,
Christine has what the DSM refers to
as intermittent explosive disorder.
Then please tell us,
is she less intermittently explosive?
She has improved.
And to what do you attribute that?
Primarily the pharmacological
regimen. —Pills.
25 milligrams each of three
different anti-psychotics
administered three times daily.
Then maybe it's a good thing she's here.
That sounds like a very complicated
protocol to administer on one's own.
Indeed.
How do you know she actually
takes these pills?
Obviously, we keep very careful records.
I'm sure you do.
But hypothetically,
suppose there was a patient
who felt she didn't belong here,
felt that she'd entered
your hospital quite troubled,
but essentially sane, and was being
driven insane by this institution.
Maybe she's a
New York university graduate,
a respected attorney, a charming,
intelligent, sensitive, funny woman.
A fully functional person with
the exception of one incident.
So each and every time your
orderlies come around
with your 75 milligrams of powerful
anti-psychotics for her to swallow,
she hides the tablets under
her tongue and saves them.
Day after day,
a growing collection of thoroughly
unnecessary medication
that her primary psychiatric caregiver
wants to shove down her throat.
Are you asking if this hypothetical
scenario could happen?
I am.
It could not.
We keep very careful records.
Look, I don't see why
I need to be present.
A part of her emotional
distress claim goes
to how you informed her
of her husband's death.
I've been a surgeon for 30 years.
If there's a pleasant way
to tell a family a patient died…
We're gonna need your response
to her account.
We're in conference room one.
We'll be right in.
Thank you.
Don't look at him.
Why can't I just review the transcript?
I really don't want to sit in that room.
We don't need you to do
or say anything.
We just need you to sit there
and listen.
Brad, one second, please.
Excuse me. —Yeah.
You can't let him first-chair
this deposition.
Paul, he's insisting. —First of all,
the case could
turn on this proceeding,
and second, as I mentioned,
we have several medical corporations,
potential clients,
taking a keen interest… —Hey.
Guys.
What are we talking about?
Looks interesting from afar.
Anything I might enjoy?
What's this case about, Denny?
The deposition you're about to
conduct, what's it about again?
A man died during angioplasty,
leaving him dead, tragic.
He even described the procedure
as common, so for…
One of your allegations goes to…
how Dr Mahoney informed
you of the tragic outcome.
He just came out and said
my husband had a cardiac arrest
and was dead.
He just turned and walked away.
But he said he was going
to talk to me later.
Do you make room for the possibility
that Dr Mahoney himself was
devastated at this time?
The patient was my husband.
Whatever pain he had…
These are difficult questions.
You're, um…
40 pounds lighter since before
your husband's death?
Yes.
Dating again? —Objection.
This certainly has no relevance.
All objections have been
waived till the trial,
except for the form
of the question, sport.
–This your first deposition?
–This is not my first deposition.
Well, then play by the rules.
Don't make me move for costs,
which she'll end up paying.
In this last year, would you say
you've had more or less sex
since the time of your husband's…
Objection! —All right, this is a tough
deposition for everybody.
Let's just try to get through it.
Denny.
More or less sex this past year?
My physical relationship
with my husband had waned,
partly because of his heart condition.
We remained very much in love.
And did you go on lots of trips
together, you and your husband?
Some.
He was very busy with work.
Did he regularly tell you
how incredibly…
incredibly beautiful you are?
Did you wear this perfume
when your husband was alive?
–I believe I did.
–That's magnificent.
–All right. This deposition is over.
–Why?
It's over.
Come on, Carrie.
Off to court we go, Cub scout.
Oh, we'll be going
into court, all right.
We're done here.
The fact that she was secretly
refusing to take her medication
does not persuade us of progress.
But it does show she's capable
of going six months
unmedicated without incident.
Mr Shore, you were her lover.
Any bias I might have
in favor of Christine
would be more than offset by the fact
that she tried to kill me.
Frankly, we're insulted by that.
It might get you a spot on
“Good morning America,” but…
I'm trying to get her
a spot of freedom.
Freedom is a privilege,
Mr Shore, not a right.
–A privilege?
–Yes, and it's revocable,
especially if you try to run
someone over with an automobile.
Christine Pauley is well.
You have an affidavit from
three independent
psychiatrists who evaluated her.
Likely made her sign waivers
as soon as you paid them.
The only reason you're holding her
is you're afraid of being sued
should she do something.
We're afraid she'll hurt herself
or someone else, you cynical snot.
Is liability to the hospital
a factor? Yes.
We can't treat patients
out of bankruptcy.
I hardly see how that
makes me a snot.
She's in here
because of one isolated
incident she's not likely to repeat.
Oh, you can gaze into
some crystal ball…
I can gaze into her.
I saw the look in her eyes
the day she was brought here.
which led to her being brought here.
She had that look then.
She does not have it now.
Who would be this woman's guardian?
Why is no one here to present…
Her parents would
serve as guardians.
–You'll find their affidavits.
–They live in Illinois.
Where Christine would be
going upon release.
And until she gets to Illinois?
Until then, I will be her guardian.
Ms Pauley?
Well, at the risk of
also sounding biased,
I agree with him.
This is not a parole board.
This is not a prison.
As you say, Dr Gill,
this is a hospital,
and when patients are healed,
they're let out of hospitals.
Coffee not good?
Oh, no, it's, I was just
thinking about something.
Yeah, I do that.
Thinking about what?
That's kind of private.
You know, I'd stake out a little
distance from that Shore guy, Sally.
He tends to leave people's minds
a little worse off than he finds them.
His old girlfriend, case in point.
You two discussing cases?
I wasn't aware you provided emotional
counsel as well as legal, Lori.
That's quite a perk.
A woman tries to kill you,
you go to represent her.
You don't think there's
a pathology at play here?
–I referred to yours.
–I got the reference, thank you.
Speaking as an enormously
unlikable person,
I find it difficult to maintain
grudges against all those
who want to kill me, don't you?
Yes, you'll perhaps find that
witty comeback in your office.
He's got a motion for costs,
for sanctions,
he has ordered a transcript
so he can read back to the judge
what you said today.
Good. Then I won't have to
bother trying to remember.
Damn it, Denny, you're
way out of the line.
This woman has just lost a husband.
You're asking her questions
about her sex life, her perfume?
–I know what I'm doing.
–Which is?
It'll come to me.
That lawyer is going to pick you
apart in open court tomorrow.
Let him try.
Denny Crane.
Listen to me.
Do you know why I was brought here?
The firm thinks that you are
becoming a liability.
They wanted me to control you.
Who thinks I'm a liability?
It doesn't matter.
Who?
Denny,
you were once something to aspire to.
You're now becoming
something to parody.
You walk around saying
“Denny Crane, Denny crane”
like it's supposed to
intimidate or conjure up awe.
You're a complete joke.
If that gets me fired, so be it.
I'm saying it just the same.
You know why?
Because I love you.
I adore you.
But it hurts to see you
deteriorating into a…
Get the hell out of my office.
You didn't have to
get me a hotel room.
I didn't. You're staying in my place.
–I beg your pardon?
–I won't get fresh.
You live in a hotel? —I do.
What happened to your big,
grotesque house
with your more grotesque
swimming pool
and your even more
grotesque rumpus room?
I sold it.
I require a lot of fresh towels
and nightly turndown service.
Why would you live in a ho…
Oh, I, I see.
The comfort of being able
to check out on a whim.
You know, as much as
you've explained it,
you've never really explained it.
I demand only one thing
in a relationship, Christine,
that I remain utterly alone.
Nice out, Alan. —I'm sorry?
Even in conversation,
you always have a nice out.
I did my best to control him.
And the other attorney has
brought a motion for sanctions?
Which he wants to argue himself.
Oh, my god.
We count on you to help prevent
these kinds of situations, Brad.
Paul, I'm a relatively junior partner.
What exactly do you expect me to do?
–If that man gets up in open court…
–Excuse me.
The man can still
handle himself in court.
Oh, please. The only possible
good that could come from his…
Is he adamant about
arguing this himself?
I'm afraid so.
Well…
I guess we can't say no.
His name is still first on the letterhead.
Let him argue.
We're up early.
I've been up since 6:00, actually.
I've been waiting for you to
get up so I could say goodbye.
There's a cab outside waiting.
I thought your flight's at 11:00.
I'm going to the airport early.
Ridge upped the security
to level mauve.
Let me drive you. —No.
I, I'd prefer to…
Thank you for getting me out,
for forgiving me.
Well…
That's it. Creep.
Better go.
Call me when you land.
I just think I should argue it.
Why, so you can control me?
Nobody controls me.
Denny, you're the subject
of the hearing.
I'm certainly going to have
more objectivity than…
I'll argue the motion.
When Denny Crane gets attacked,
he stands up for himself.
I don't need you or anybody else
controlling or protecting me.
You're not going to court
in this state. —Brad,
you can join me or not.
Your choice.
What's going on?
He still plans to argue it himself.
–And the partner said let him.
–I know, but I thought…
You know why they're saying let him?
A public debacle on record is just
what they need to convince the full
partnership in January to broom him.
What? —Yeah, they want him
to self-destruct, Brad.
They obviously think losing
a few clients is worth losing him.
You cannot let him
argue this motion.
You're her guardian, and she slept
in your hotel room last night.
You see, you get upset when I
don't tell you these things,
but then when I do,
She's gone to Chicago.
It's… –It's not about her.
Excellent. Then…
It, it's us.
–Is there an us?
–Sally, I know this seems difficult.
You know what?
You know what'll be fun?
Can we go shopping for shoes
or a new dress?
Something revealing
for the office party.
Soft, but…
tight. —Alan.
–What are you doing here?
–My flight was canceled.
I thought you might
feel like an early lunch.
Christine Pauley, Sally Heep.
Hi. It's nice to meet you. —Hi.
Your flight was canceled.
I'm rescheduled at 4:30.
This is why I've refused to fly
for the past two years.
That, and I've been locked up.
–So can I steal you for lunch?
–Actually, no.
–We were just about to go on…
–It's okay, really.
Very nice to meet you.
Maybe I shouldn't have come.
Truth is…
you weren't my first
choice for lunch.
I called a few friends. Everybody
seems to need a little distance.
It was all like, “oh, Christine,
how nice to hear from you,” and…
You're smart enough to expect that.
Never got it from you.
–Are you and Sally…
–We're seeing each other.
Oh.
She seemed nice. —She is.
Certainly attractive. —There's that.
Well…
it'll be easier when I get to Chicago,
easier to start over there, I think.
I agree.
Yeah.
So…
lunch?
On your next visit.
Well…
Goodbye, then, again.
Um…
Goodbye, Christine.
Denny, listen to me.
Some of the partners are coming
down to watch the motion,
and not in support, Denny.
They're hoping you crash in there.
They're hoping to be able
to get some leverage
to be able to say
at the partnership meeting,
“it's time to take Denny Crane
out of the game.”
What game?
I don't know whether he was trying
to humiliate her or hit on her.
It wasn't clear.
What was clear was the
indecency of it.
This is what lawyering
has degenerated to.
Carrie Lansing lost her husband,
he's probing her about her sex life.
It was a blatant abuse
of our process.
It was an embarrassment to
the integrity of our profession.
This attorney should be
sanctioned severely, your honor.
A message has to be sent to the bar
that our bar is raised higher
than an episode of reality television.
Denny Crane demeaned
Carrie Lansing,
he demeaned our court system,
and he should be dealt with.
Mr Crane?
Denny, I have a good feel
for this. Can I take it?
I'll take it.
This is, um, pretty powerful stuff.
I can see Mr Ripley's
a very powerful man.
And that's a big thing with
lawyers, isn't it? Power.
The fear of feeling weak.
I've seen it before. Attorneys
coming up against Denny Crane.
They jump, and stomp,
and shake their fists,
and bellow with impassioned rage.
Makes quite a demonstration,
doesn't it?
But when you cut through
to the merits,
this lady has alleged in her
complaint loss of consortium,
legal terms meaning
sex and affection.
And if she's enjoying
sex and affection,
it's relevant. It's a mitigating factor.
I'm entitled to explore it.
Mr Ripley may not like it,
but it's legitimate.
And, I may add,
that I conducted my probe in the relative
privacy of a closed conference room.
Mr Powerful man made
it much more public
with his impassioned
chest-thumping in a courtroom.
I object to this. —Oh, go ahead
and pound the table.
I'll tell you what I object to.
We have an offer on the table
that you so love to pound.
An offer I can't discuss because
the settlement talks have been sealed.
Suffice to say it is on the high side,
the extreme high side,
considering the fact that
liability is not certain.
Mr Lansing had a preexisting
heart condition.
But instead of taking the offer,
powerful guys like Mr Ripley
wanna go to trial. Why?
Because I'm the opponent.
It's a coup to beat the big guy.
Well, what if you don't?
You demean the profession,
Mr Powerful guy.
You're using your client
to get a notch.
You're making Carrie Lansing go through
the ordeal of a trial for your own ego.
Objection! —A trial you may lose,
in which case, she gets nothing.
Objection! —Oh, but if
you're loud enough,
Objection! —forceful enough
and strong enough,
she may never realize
that you blew it.
Brad?
Funny.
You'd like me to feel
threatened, wouldn't you?
I may not be able to talk as fast,
but my tongue is certainly
more versatile.
You disapprove of me.
And that warms my cockles.
–I'm afraid something's come up.
–Oh, don't tell me.
Her flight left an hour ago.
She's gone.
So…
Shopping.
Maybe not shoes…
but something…
slippery to perhaps slide
out of later.
I'm not that easy.
Well, I am.
Do you feel responsible
for her being in there?
I certainly was
a precipitating factor.
Is she well now?
I think so.
But perhaps I'm inclined
to believe that.
You might come to value
my latitude on these matters
somewhat more fully on the day
you try to kill me.
I miss you.
I have a friend who has
this amazing house in Vermont.
Maybe for Columbus weekend,
we could sneak up there.
I love Vermont.
Would you allow me to cover
your body in maple syrup?
Excuse me.
–Where did she stay?
–I have no idea.
I wouldn't even know
where to go look for her.
Well, she clearly knows
where to look for you.
–Alan, she is stalking you.
–She's not…
Crazy? She tried to kill you,
she was institutionalized,
now she's out,
and she's stalking you.
You said that you were
her legal guardian.
It's a technicality.
Well, you may have certain rights
to have her recommitted.
She hasn't done anything
to warrant that.
At the very least, you could
get a restraining order.
There's nothing to warrant that, either.
Do you really want to
wait till there is?
Brad.
You hear?
He won the motion and
settled the case.
You must be disappointed.
I know what you were
hoping for, Paul.
Let me tell you something, my friend.
I have loved and admired Denny Crane
a lot longer than you have.
We all want him to be great.
If you loved him, you wouldn't have
ordered his demise to be public.
Hey.
Plaintiff lost his motion for
sanctions, accepted our offer.
Case is over, settled, done.
I heard.
Denny, you did an incredible job.
I think you turned his own client
against him in there.
Is that what you think?
Am I now to put stock
in what you think?
Denny, I just came here
to congratulate you.
I don't need your praise.
Hardware. Trunks full of praise.
Denny… –I want your respect.
I'm senior partner.
Respect goes with the job.
Not to mention I've earned it.
I've earned it.
Don't you think I feel
the wagons circling?
Now comes the plaintiff.
Hereinafter, the alleges
and charges as follows.
Count one, on September 11th
in the year of our lord…
I'm so, so sorry.
–I came to see you last night, only…
–Why did you not go to Chicago?
I decided to collect a few letters
of recommendation before I leave.
–If I'm going to try…
–You could do that by phone.
I could, and I planned to,
but Bernie Levinson, senior
partner at my old firm,
insists on meeting me in person.
Evidently, he wants to
be sure I'm not nuts.
So I'm seeing him at 2:00,
I fly out at 6:00.
All right, so…
why'd you come to find me last night?
You weren't picking up
your cell, and…
Alan, I'm so sorry.
I had no idea you were on a date.
I shouldn't have come at all.
I, I realized that. I left as soon as
I saw the expression
on your face and…
I truly, truly apologize.
I have to be honest, Christine,
it scared…
the hell out of me.
Believe me,
if I had thought for a second
that you were on a date…
Sally, is it, is it serious?
I really don't want
to talk about it.
May I ask why not?
We're friends, are we not?
Good friends.
It's only natural for us to discuss
our lives with each other.
I really don't want
to talk about it.
Are you embarrassed?
Is this just some young thing
you like to screw…
dinner and a quickie,
something casual?
I'm sorry.
That was inappropriate. I…
Maybe I still do get pangs.
Anyway, I, again, apologize
for just showing up last night.
I think I will leave
before this gets awkward.
Why don't we rent a nice
restaurant for these things?
Because it's all about
impressing the clients,
who like to know that inflated
fees buy fancy offices.
Hey, how you doing?
Brad. Just talking about you.
Okay, we weren't.
Sally, would you dance with me?
Well… —Oh, that's right.
You're with big Al. Tara.
I'd love to.
They make a lovely couple,
and he's got a nice, tight ass,
don't you think?
You think?
Oh.
Christine?
Something's come up.
Nothing bad.
It's great, actually,
but I think I better discuss
it with you in person.
Can I steal two minutes?
I'm at an office party.
Can you tell me about it
over the phone?
I'd really prefer to do
it in person.
Congratulations.
–Denny, I…
–I accept your congratulations.
Don't linger like we're friends.
We used to be friends.
We used to sit out on balconies
at night as kids
and criticize each other's
openings and closings.
Remember those days, Denny?
When we were open to each
other's criticism and candor?
“Open” is a funny choice of word.
You're a out-in-the-open
sort of fellow, Paul?
You know exactly what
sort of fellow I am.
I'm still a good lawyer.
Yes, you are.
You remember Muhammad Ali's
last fight?
We had ringside seats.
He lost so pathetically to Larry Holmes.
We were so crushed.
The tragedy that night, Denny,
wasn't that he couldn't still box.
He could.
The tragedy was…
that he still thought he was Ali.
You're a good lawyer, my friend.
You're just not Denny Crane.
Hanging out with all your friends?
Whoever designed women's shoes…
May I?
Nothing personal.
It's a fetish.
Your fingers are so…
Yes, thank you.
My uncle was a butcher.
Don't you think Sally might
object to this?
We're nonexclusive
when it comes to feet.
Oh, dear, you have a bunion.
Did you come in here for something?
Why are you counseling Sally
to distance herself from me?
There are happily ever after guys,
and there are those
who leave girls in a heap.
And I can tell the difference.
You speak from personal experience?
That's private.
Then perhaps I should get to
know you better
and ask again.
And I'd love to.
but right now, I'm going to
go dance with Sally.
This is nice.
I know a cozy little photocopying
machine we could adjourn to.
You're expecting a visitor, remember?
She said it would take two minutes.
She's beautiful.
Excuse me?
She's here.
And she's beautiful.
Time me. Two minutes.
Christine, you look stunning.
Well, I knew you were
having a fancy party.
I didn't want to appear conspicuous,
so I threw something on.
I see.
And what did you want
to talk about?
–Well, can we go to your office?
–I'd prefer not.
Well, being that I just showed up
at your date the other night,
I didn't want you to think
I was following you.
You know I wouldn't do that, right?
What have you come
to talk about, Christine?
My meeting with Bernie Levinson
went incredibly well,
and…
Well, he's rehired me.
I can start as soon as Monday.
Can you believe it?
What about Chicago?
The truth is I think I have a better
chance at achieving normalcy in Boston.
I called Dr Gill.
He agreed, the less change,
the better.
I can see him as
an outpatient, and…
Your guardians, your parents,
are in Illinois.
I was released to you
in Massachusetts.
I was afraid you'd freak
if I told you this on the phone,
or if you just ran into me
at the courthouse.
This is why I wanted to give
you the news in person.
Okay.
It's truly fantastic news.
Isn't it, Alan?
I got my old job back.
Yes.
It is.
.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org